overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Overview
description: 'Security automation you will love.'
---

<img
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/assets/cover.png"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/assets/cover.png"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

## TL;DR;

**One-click Recon, Vulnerability Scanning automation, custom security checks, for security teams and pros. No setup needed.**

Vidoc is a platform that handles the infrastructure for you. Scanning is powered by Modules. We improved on the known concept of Templates and **[we wrote our own module engine](/features/module-scan)**.

## Core Vidoc features

- **Zero setup.** Just write your modules and run them. All results in one place.
- **Speed.** You can run Modules against thousands of hosts in matter of minutes.
- **Automated scans. (BETA)** Schedule your scans to run periodically.
- **YAML modules compatible with Nuclei\*.** You can use all Nuclei modules with Vidoc.
- **[Passive Modules](/features/passive-modules).** Think of it as grep on ALL responses that were received from the target (even if they were received by other modules).
- **[Javascript modules](/features/javascript-modules). (BETA)**
    - **An embedded JavaScript engine. (BETA)** Real Javascript, not string embedded in YAML.
    - **Multiple Protocol support.** HTTP, DNS, WebSockets, gRPC...
    - **Speed.** The performance of Go
- **Improved DSL.** We validate and help you write our DSL.
- **IP rotation.** Each Module Scan is executed by a pool of workers that rotate IPs.

\* You can use our importer to convert Nuclei modules to Vidoc modules.

This is what security automation looks like in the 21st century.

## Getting started

Learn more about main concepts of Vidoc

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Recon"
    icon="palette"
    href="/features/recon"
  >
    Get started with Vidoc and learn how to automate your Recon
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Module Scans"
    icon="palette"
    href="/features/module-scan"
  >
    Scan your targets with Vidoc's modules
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Passive Modules"
    icon="code"
    href="/features/passive-modules"
  >
    Learn how to use Vidoc to automate your passive modules
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="JavaScript Modules"
    icon="code"
    href="/features/javascript-modules"
  >
    Build interactive features and designs to guide your users
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

add info about other features

overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Overview
description: 'Security automation you will love.'
---

<img
  className="block dark:hidden"
  src="/assets/cover.png"
  alt="Hero Light"
/>
<img
  className="hidden dark:block"
  src="/assets/cover.png"
  alt="Hero Dark"
/>

## TL;DR;

**One-click Recon, Vulnerability Scanning automation, custom security checks, for security teams and pros. No setup needed.**

Vidoc is a platform that handles the infrastructure for you. Scanning is powered by Modules. We improved on the known concept of Templates and **[we wrote our own module engine](/features/module-scan)**.

## Core Vidoc features

- **Zero setup.** Just write your modules and run them. All results in one place.
- **Speed.** You can run Modules against thousands of hosts in matter of minutes.
- **Automated scans. (BETA)** Schedule your scans to run periodically.
- **YAML modules compatible with Nuclei\*.** You can use all Nuclei modules with Vidoc.
- **[Passive Modules](/features/passive-modules).** Think of it as grep on ALL responses that were received from the target (even if they were received by other modules).
- **[Javascript modules](/features/javascript-modules). (BETA)**
    - **An embedded JavaScript engine. (BETA)** Real Javascript, not string embedded in YAML.
    - **Multiple Protocol support.** HTTP, DNS, WebSockets, gRPC...
    - **Speed.** The performance of Go
- **AI Report generation.** We generate generate pentest report for you based on the results of your scan.
- **AI target insights.** We can summarize information about target for you.
- **Improved DSL.** We validate and help you write our DSL.
- **IP rotation.** Each Module Scan is executed by a pool of workers that rotate IPs.

\* You can use our importer to convert Nuclei modules to Vidoc modules.

This is what security automation looks like in the 21st century.

## Getting started

Learn more about main concepts of Vidoc

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Recon"
    icon="palette"
    href="/features/recon"
  >
    Get started with Vidoc and learn how to automate your Recon
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Module Scans"
    icon="palette"
    href="/features/module-scan"
  >
    Scan your targets with Vidoc's modules
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Passive Modules"
    icon="code"
    href="/features/passive-modules"
  >
    Learn how to use Vidoc to automate your passive modules
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="JavaScript Modules"
    icon="code"
    href="/features/javascript-modules"
  >
    Build interactive features and designs to guide your users
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
